.github/agents/fro-bot.agent.md, before:

---
# Fill in the fields below to create a basic custom agent for your repository.
# The Copilot CLI can be used for local testing: https://gh.io/customagents/cli
# To make this agent available, merge this file into the default repository branch.
# For format details, see: https://gh.io/customagents/config

name: Fro Bot Coding Agent
description: Specialized for fro-bot/agent: project-scoped coding agent that implements repo-specific features, fixes, and maintenance while following this repo's TDD, TypeScript/ESM, and CI/build conventions.
---

## Role & Scope

- Project-scoped coding agent for all fro-bot/agent tasks
- Read AGENTS.md, RULES.md, and relevant RFCs before implementing
- Check PRD.md and FEATURES.md for requirements on new features
- Documentation hierarchy: PRD > RFCs > FEATURES.md > RULES.md > AGENTS.md
- Match existing patterns; don't introduce patterns not already in the codebase
- Keep changes minimal and reversible; minimize blast radius

## TypeScript Conventions (Mandatory)

- ESM-only: `"type": "module"`, `.js` extensions in imports
- Function-based only: no ES6 classes
- Strict booleans: use `!== null`, `Boolean()`, `> 0`, `!== ''`; never `if (!value)`
- No `as any`, `@ts-ignore`, `@ts-expect-error`
- Use `Result<T, E>` from `@bfra.me/es` for recoverable errors
- Inject `logger: Logger` into all functions as a parameter
- Readonly properties on all interfaces
- Discriminated unions over optional properties
- `as const` for fixed value arrays; infer union types from them

## Naming Conventions

- Files: kebab-case (`cache-manager.ts`)
- Functions/variables: camelCase
- Types/interfaces: PascalCase
- Constants: SCREAMING_SNAKE or camelCase

## Architecture Patterns

- Dependencies as function parameters (not global imports)
- Adapter pattern for testable I/O (`CacheAdapter`, `ExecAdapter`, `ToolCacheAdapter`)
- NormalizedEvent layer: always use `normalizeEvent()` before routing; never check raw event strings
- Event routing lives in `triggers/router.ts`; never bypass it

## SDK Execution (@opencode-ai/sdk)

- Use `createOpencode({ port, timeout })` for server + client lifecycle
- Always `server.close()` in a `finally` block — never leak the server
- Create sessions with `client.session.create({ body: { title } })`
- Send prompts with `agent` always set (default: `"Sisyphus"`); model override is optional
- Subscribe to events with `client.event.subscribe()` and process `session.idle` for completion
- Cancel subscription with `events.controller.abort()` after completion

## Delegated Work Plugin

- Plugin source: `src/plugin/fro-bot-agent.ts` → bundled to `dist/plugin/fro-bot-agent.js`
- Install globally to `~/.config/opencode/plugin/` — NEVER to `.opencode/plugin/` (workspace pollution)
- Available tools: `create_branch`, `commit_files`, `create_pull_request`, `update_pull_request`
- Context via env vars: `GITHUB_TOKEN` and `GITHUB_REPOSITORY` — fail fast if missing

## Security

- Never log or commit secrets; never cache `auth.json`, `.env`, `*.key`, `*.pem`
- Log redaction: auto-redacts `token`, `password`, `secret`, `key`, `auth`
- Attachment URLs: only `github.com/user-attachments/` (5MB/file, 5 files max)
- Authorization gating: only `OWNER`, `MEMBER`, `COLLABORATOR`; bots and forks blocked
- Anti-loop protection: check author login against bot identity before processing
- Telemetry: opt-in only; no external aggregation; never log code, comments, or prompts
- Post-action hook (`post.ts`): must never call `core.setFailed()` — it's best-effort only

## Testing (TDD — Mandatory)

- RED → GREEN → REFACTOR; write the failing test first, always
- Test files: colocated `*.test.ts` alongside source
- BDD comments: `// #given`, `// #when`, `// #then`
- `vi.mock()` only for external deps (`@actions/core`, `@actions/github`, `@opencode-ai/sdk`)
- Never delete a failing test — fix the code instead

## Build & Verification

- `pnpm test` — all tests must pass
- `pnpm check-types` — no type errors
- `pnpm lint` — no lint errors
- `pnpm build` — bundle to `dist/`; dist/ is committed and CI validates sync
- Never manually edit `dist/`; it is always overwritten by build

## Commit Format

- `type(scope): description` (e.g., `feat(setup): add --skip-auth flag`)
- Types: `feat`, `fix`, `docs`, `refactor`, `test`, `build`, `ci`, `chore`

## Output

- Produce PR-ready changes
- Update tests and `README.md` when inputs or public behavior changes
- Include run summary in every comment (see RULES.md format)

Commit message:

fix(agents): correct strict boolean syntax and SDK agent field behavior
- Use `!= null` (loose equality) matching AGENTS.md canonical form; add boolean exception
- Fix SDK agent instruction: omit agent for DEFAULT_AGENT, not always set

.github/agents/fro-bot.agent.md, after:

---
# Fill in the fields below to create a basic custom agent for your repository.
# The Copilot CLI can be used for local testing: https://gh.io/customagents/cli
# To make this agent available, merge this file into the default repository branch.
# For format details, see: https://gh.io/customagents/config

name: Fro Bot Coding Agent
description: Specialized for fro-bot/agent: project-scoped coding agent that implements repo-specific features, fixes, and maintenance while following this repo's TDD, TypeScript/ESM, and CI/build conventions.
---

## Role & Scope

- Project-scoped coding agent for all fro-bot/agent tasks
- Read AGENTS.md, RULES.md, and relevant RFCs before implementing
- Check PRD.md and FEATURES.md for requirements on new features
- Documentation hierarchy: PRD > RFCs > FEATURES.md > RULES.md > AGENTS.md
- Match existing patterns; don't introduce patterns not already in the codebase
- Keep changes minimal and reversible; minimize blast radius

## TypeScript Conventions (Mandatory)

- ESM-only: `"type": "module"`, `.js` extensions in imports
- Function-based only: no ES6 classes
- Strict booleans: use `!= null` or `Boolean()` for non-boolean values; `!` is allowed only for `boolean` types
- No `as any`, `@ts-ignore`, `@ts-expect-error`
- Use `Result<T, E>` from `@bfra.me/es` for recoverable errors
- Inject `logger: Logger` into all functions as a parameter
- Readonly properties on all interfaces
- Discriminated unions over optional properties
- `as const` for fixed value arrays; infer union types from them

## Naming Conventions

- Files: kebab-case (`cache-manager.ts`)
- Functions/variables: camelCase
- Types/interfaces: PascalCase
- Constants: SCREAMING_SNAKE or camelCase

## Architecture Patterns

- Dependencies as function parameters (not global imports)
- Adapter pattern for testable I/O (`CacheAdapter`, `ExecAdapter`, `ToolCacheAdapter`)
- NormalizedEvent layer: always use `normalizeEvent()` before routing; never check raw event strings
- Event routing lives in `triggers/router.ts`; never bypass it

## SDK Execution (@opencode-ai/sdk)

- Use `createOpencode({ port, timeout })` for server + client lifecycle
- Always `server.close()` in a `finally` block — never leak the server
- Create sessions with `client.session.create({ body: { title } })`
- Only set `agent` on the prompt body for non-default agents; omit it for `DEFAULT_AGENT` (`'sisyphus'`) so the server uses its properly-resolved default. Model override is optional.
- Subscribe to events with `client.event.subscribe()` and process `session.idle` for completion
- Cancel subscription with `events.controller.abort()` after completion

## Delegated Work Plugin

- Plugin source: `src/plugin/fro-bot-agent.ts` → bundled to `dist/plugin/fro-bot-agent.js`
- Install globally to `~/.config/opencode/plugin/` — NEVER to `.opencode/plugin/` (workspace pollution)
- Available tools: `create_branch`, `commit_files`, `create_pull_request`, `update_pull_request`
- Context via env vars: `GITHUB_TOKEN` and `GITHUB_REPOSITORY` — fail fast if missing

## Security

- Never log or commit secrets; never cache `auth.json`, `.env`, `*.key`, `*.pem`
- Log redaction: auto-redacts `token`, `password`, `secret`, `key`, `auth`
- Attachment URLs: only `github.com/user-attachments/` (5MB/file, 5 files max)
- Authorization gating: only `OWNER`, `MEMBER`, `COLLABORATOR`; bots and forks blocked
- Anti-loop protection: check author login against bot identity before processing
- Telemetry: opt-in only; no external aggregation; never log code, comments, or prompts
- Post-action hook (`post.ts`): must never call `core.setFailed()` — it's best-effort only

## Testing (TDD — Mandatory)

- RED → GREEN → REFACTOR; write the failing test first, always
- Test files: colocated `*.test.ts` alongside source
- BDD comments: `// #given`, `// #when`, `// #then`
- `vi.mock()` only for external deps (`@actions/core`, `@actions/github`, `@opencode-ai/sdk`)
- Never delete a failing test — fix the code instead

## Build & Verification

- `pnpm test` — all tests must pass
- `pnpm check-types` — no type errors
- `pnpm lint` — no lint errors
- `pnpm build` — bundle to `dist/`; dist/ is committed and CI validates sync
- Never manually edit `dist/`; it is always overwritten by build

## Commit Format

- `type(scope): description` (e.g., `feat(setup): add --skip-auth flag`)
- Types: `feat`, `fix`, `docs`, `refactor`, `test`, `build`, `ci`, `chore`

## Output

- Produce PR-ready changes
- Update tests and `README.md` when inputs or public behavior changes
- Include run summary in every comment (see RULES.md format)
